now the US Department of Defense has
accused Iran of launching the Drone that
damaged an oil tanker off the coast of
India the attack happened 320 km
Southwest of veraval and caused a fire
on board which was extinguished let's
speak live now to our
correspondent ambran Ethan who's in
Delhi for us and ambran the Iranians
saying they had nothing to do with this
but uh tell me the latest that you are
hearing
now what's happening in the Red Sea in
the past 48 Hours has really shaken the
commercial shipping operations now the
US Central Command has issued the latest
update listing out the number of
attempts made on tankers and other
commercial ships passing through the Red
Sea they say two anti-ship ballistic
missiles were fired by the huti rebels
uh from emen and they are regarded as
the proxies of Iran and none of the
ships were damaged and again four drones
were shot down by a us warship and two
other ships were hit one had a narrow
Miss and no Norwegian ship however
another Indian tank was hit by a drone
but not uh much damage or casualties now
we are talking about the attack on
Friday when India bound ship which one
of the British Maritime agencies said
Israeli Affiliated a tanker carrying oil
from Saudi Arabia to India came under
attack about 200 iCal miles off the
coast of Gujarat state in India that has
also shaken the confidence of the
industry now the US blames Iran saying
for the first time that are directly
involved in an attack but the Iranian
authorities they deny so it is still a
mystery who carried out no one has
admitted responsibility but what it
shows is that how one of the busiest
routs now has come under attack by these
Rebel groups or some some others that is
threatening the industry yes that's the
The Wider concern isn't it in terms of
what the authorities are saying what
what are the Indian authorities saying
about
this the Indian coast guard has given an
update on what happened to MV km Pluto
that was the tanker that was attacked
off the coast of India on Friday now
this ship was damaged it got fire but it
was extinguished it also took in some
water now a Coast Guard ship is
accompanying this tanker so it is likely
to reach the port at Mumbai tomorrow to
assess damage and to carry out any
repair work and then they will decide
the future course of action and in fact
the Indian coast c also deployed tonier
surveillance aircraft to make sure that
the ship doesn't have any other threat
in that particular area so it is a
concern for India which heavily relies
on oil and other supplies from the
Middle East so it's not only in the Red
Sea now it is spreading to other areas
but people might question how come a
drone far away from any other country
nearly 2,000 or th000 km away can hit a
Target whether it was launched from
another boat or a ship so that is a
question for defense experts to answer
and Ean there in Delhi thanks very much
there thank you